Jocelyn Corrales: And how you have, how's your day.
Galaxy J3 Orbit: Um, it's going I'm running around like a chicken today.
Jocelyn Corrales: Okay, very busy, right.
Galaxy J3 Orbit: Yeah yeah
Jocelyn Corrales: Me check char.
Jocelyn Corrales: Just me.
Jocelyn Corrales: Okay. Okay. Could you please tell me your name and your date of birth, please.
Galaxy J3 Orbit: Yes Arielle mirrorball my date of birth may 30 1980
Galaxy J3 Orbit: As
A chart.
Jocelyn Corrales: Just wanted to make sure
Galaxy J3 Orbit: Sure, no problem.
Jocelyn Corrales: Okay, so what we're going to do today is that we're going to talk about what do you usually do in a day, your activities of daily living, what
Jocelyn Corrales: works out for you. What does not work out for you. So let's start bead what's working out for you for a day activities of daily living.
Galaxy J3 Orbit: Like the things that I am doing
Galaxy J3 Orbit: What did you say what's working out for me for daily living.
Jocelyn Corrales: Yes, for example.
Jocelyn Corrales: Waking up. What time do you wake up and are you able to eat well are you able to eat on time.
Jocelyn Corrales: And with regards to sleep. Are you able to sleep early or what time do you usually go to sleep. And if you're working, what time do you go to work. What time you need to work in something like that.
Galaxy J3 Orbit: Okay, so right now I'm actually not working. I'm a stay at home mom. So I actually go
Galaxy J3 Orbit: To bed at different times. But it's always later I wake up super early in the morning. I'm always up at about five o'clock by 15
Galaxy J3 Orbit: I take my boyfriend to work and then I come back home and I'm just with my daughter for the rest of the day. And then I we I pick him up. We share a car right now so
Galaxy J3 Orbit: Um, so I pretty much I wake up early with him. And then my daughter sometimes she'll stay up a little bit later. So sometimes I won't get to bed until like I would say like 1130 sometimes
Galaxy J3 Orbit: Every now and then we'll have I'll be able to go to bed early like at nine or 10 every now and then, but not always. It's usually a little bit later than that.
Galaxy J3 Orbit: The average, I would say 11
Jocelyn Corrales: Okay 11
Jocelyn Corrales: Or 1130 1130 okay but do you think he's late and gets
Galaxy J3 Orbit: And as far as like eating and stuff.
Galaxy J3 Orbit: I don't eat very much and I definitely don't eat on like a schedule but I feed my daughter on a schedule, social, you know, I'll give her her lunch breakfast, lunch, dinner and snacks. And I think that I just snack throughout the day, a lot but
Galaxy J3 Orbit: I'll have like a bowl of cereal. Sometimes when I wake up, it's just sometimes. But usually I don't eat until about lunchtime.
Galaxy J3 Orbit: And so I'll eat lunch and dinner for the most part it's
Jocelyn Corrales: Basically what I do. So, you surely didn't eat breakfast, but sometimes you do stay take snacks for breakfast.
Yeah.
Galaxy J3 Orbit: And then I definitely always like something small for lunch and they usually most at night, only the most for dinner.
Galaxy J3 Orbit: And then I get to bed pretty late so
Galaxy J3 Orbit: That's pretty much throughout my day and I'm home with my daughter playing with her, or I'm cleaning usually
Galaxy J3 Orbit: And then
Galaxy J3 Orbit: I make dinner at during the evenings, sometimes there's another person here who makes dinner. Also, so
Galaxy J3 Orbit: We're doing something now.
Galaxy J3 Orbit: And that's basically my day when I'm at home.
Jocelyn Corrales: Every day, usually takes take care of your daughter. How old is your daughter.
Galaxy J3 Orbit: She's four four and a few months, I guess.
Jocelyn Corrales: And when your daughter eats you also eat with her.
Jocelyn Corrales: Usually sometimes
Galaxy J3 Orbit: Sometimes I'll just sit with her while she eats
Galaxy J3 Orbit: And I won't eat.
Jocelyn Corrales: At least feeds regularly.
Jocelyn Corrales: Yes, yeah.
Jocelyn Corrales: Because I want a beer. So you're actually some who doesn't look at
Jocelyn Corrales: Someone you know, does the person beside her, or this person feeding. He's not eating. Sometimes you don't eat, but you know there are times that the also at this she gets to eat.
Jocelyn Corrales: Oh yes, maybe that's maybe that's also the reason why something should take snacks to the shoot also is she's also encouraged to eat.
Galaxy J3 Orbit: Well, yes, all throughout the day.
Jocelyn Corrales: And usually your snacks are you
Jocelyn Corrales: Eating healthy meals.
Galaxy J3 Orbit: I'm actually, for the most part, yes.
Galaxy J3 Orbit: I don't use like we have every night with our dinner we eat a salad. Every night with her.
Galaxy J3 Orbit: That's, that's an always thing.
Galaxy J3 Orbit: And in the morning, it's always really big for me for my daughter, even when I'm like going shopping for groceries or food and stuff for her.
Galaxy J3 Orbit: I'm always really careful about what I buy for her so
Jocelyn Corrales: I think the second
Galaxy J3 Orbit: We buy like the lean beef and stuff like that. So we eat pretty healthy, we try to
Jocelyn Corrales: Netscape and you're not eating like junk foods or chips or something like that.
Galaxy J3 Orbit: No fast food or anything, sometimes will like order a pizza. I know that's not very healthy so that's that's sometimes we'll do that.
Galaxy J3 Orbit: No junk food, really, I would say like ice cream. And sometimes I'll buy chocolate. So that's what it told me I would say every, every now and then we can all get like
Galaxy J3 Orbit: Pizza. Or like, you know, receive or something like chocolate. You know what I mean, every now and then it's not it's not too often.
Jocelyn Corrales: For the job always
Jocelyn Corrales: Yeah.
Mm hmm.
Jocelyn Corrales: But not always. Okay. Are you currently in pain or are you experiencing pain right now, or sometimes
Galaxy J3 Orbit: No pain. Sometimes I mean I have like these weird things going on in my, I think it's called Cystic Ovarian Syndrome. I'm not positive.
Galaxy J3 Orbit: But that's I've had that for a long time and I just kind of deal with it. I feel it every now and then, but I don't feel it every day. I just probably usually about once a month, I feel like the most
Jocelyn Corrales: Okay, maybe June or when you're having your period.
Galaxy J3 Orbit: Yes, that's when it's the worst.
Jocelyn Corrales: And what do you usually do when you have pain.
Galaxy J3 Orbit: Um, well, now I have my doctor has me on this. I think it's called the procreation, and no oxygen strips so it really, it's supposed to be another form of a pain reliever. So I it really helps a lot. The pain is is very minimal. When I do feel it.
Galaxy J3 Orbit: And if it's really sharp. It only lasts for like a few minutes and then it goes away. So
Jocelyn Corrales: Thank goodness
Galaxy J3 Orbit: Really bad. Yeah.
Galaxy J3 Orbit: So I just kind of deal with it. I don't try to like
Galaxy J3 Orbit: I don't try to take anything extra or anything like that. I just I just kind of deal with it.
Jocelyn Corrales: Okay. So with regards to are you with regards to being active do you exercise.
Galaxy J3 Orbit: I do not exercise I would really like to start, but I know exercise I go for walks
Jocelyn Corrales: In the evening with my dog.
Galaxy J3 Orbit: And my daughter, my boyfriend will all go for a walk.
Galaxy J3 Orbit: Down in the Arroyo and stuff. I think it's pretty good exercise for walking in sand, but I don't I don't do that daily. It's more like a few times.
Galaxy J3 Orbit: If yeah maybe like a couple times a week.
Jocelyn Corrales: Maybe you can do exercise, but just there at home.
Galaxy J3 Orbit: Yeah, I would.
Jocelyn Corrales: Yeah, maybe some
Jocelyn Corrales: Yoga or probably some just stretching exercise.
Galaxy J3 Orbit: Yeah, that's a good idea.
Galaxy J3 Orbit: But
Jocelyn Corrales: You could still continue on doing your walking, especially morning walks. Maybe you could do it when you try to walk your dogs every day. Maybe you could do it on a daily basis in the morning.
Galaxy J3 Orbit: I would be nice.
Jocelyn Corrales: When it's not very happy after you, you know, after you drive your boyfriend to work. What time does he surely work.
Galaxy J3 Orbit: It's actually a good idea because my daughter is still sleeping at the time and I can go, I don't know.
Galaxy J3 Orbit: Sometimes if there's someone here I can probably leave and take him for a walk in the morning after I take my boyfriend to work. I get back home at about six o'clock in the morning, probably like 630
Jocelyn Corrales: And your daughter.
Jocelyn Corrales: And your daughter is still asleep by that time.
Galaxy J3 Orbit: She is. Yeah.
Jocelyn Corrales: Maybe you could go on a walk properly and just maybe five to 10 minutes walked in, go back
Galaxy J3 Orbit: Yeah.
Jocelyn Corrales: A long time
Galaxy J3 Orbit: It sounds like a good idea. It is really nice. In the morning right now.
Jocelyn Corrales: It's not
Jocelyn Corrales: It's not very hot.
Galaxy J3 Orbit: You know exactly
Jocelyn Corrales: You mentioned you have dogs.
Galaxy J3 Orbit: Yes, I have one dog, actually.
Jocelyn Corrales: Oh, this one. I thought I lost
Galaxy J3 Orbit: Yeah, the people that we live with. They have one dog also. So I have one. And they have one. So there is two dogs here right now.
Jocelyn Corrales: Okay.
Galaxy J3 Orbit: I'm just the owner of one of them.
Jocelyn Corrales: Okay, so maybe you could do some yoga and basic exercise at home.
Jocelyn Corrales: Basic yoga and the complicated one, since you're still starting
Right.
Jocelyn Corrales: Morning walk
Jocelyn Corrales: Okay, and what are the things that you do in a day, like, What are your hobbies, other than, you know, the doing chores.
Galaxy J3 Orbit: Yeah I hobbies, I would say.
Galaxy J3 Orbit: I do like
Galaxy J3 Orbit: The arts. I like to do the arts and crafts with my daughter. I guess that's kind of one of the things that I like to do with her.
Galaxy J3 Orbit: And then
Galaxy J3 Orbit: Or go to will go to the park. Sometimes, and we'll hang out in the grass and we'll do like we have these little tennis rackets now. So we'll hit the ball, you know, with each other. She likes
Galaxy J3 Orbit: Doing that I really enjoy doing that stuff like taking her to the park or the arts and crafts. I have a lot of fun doing it with her so painting.
Galaxy J3 Orbit: Or painting rocks yesterday.
Jocelyn Corrales: So I don't know I getting that
Jocelyn Corrales: I like
Jocelyn Corrales: Something, yes. At least you're doing something productive with your daughter doing graphs and you know it would also sparked her interest in doing some arts in you know in learning grants and at the same time shows you develop her what her skills and she also learns
Jocelyn Corrales: By doing crafts and you know you can have you tried doing
Jocelyn Corrales: Educational crafts, like, you know, like shapes and colors. It's the same time when you're doing crafts. You heard the colors, the shapes and the letters.
Galaxy J3 Orbit: Really good.
Galaxy J3 Orbit: She's super, super good already with her. She's, she's four
Galaxy J3 Orbit: And she's really really good with her colors and shapes already. I'm really proud of our sheet.
Jocelyn Corrales: And you could actually already start with numbers. Like, for example, you see this one, and he's number one. Or you could actually Joe at the same time one so that she would identify the numbers.
Jocelyn Corrales: But it's like you're incorporating, incorporating education read your crap.
Galaxy J3 Orbit: Yes, I absolutely do. Yes.
Galaxy J3 Orbit: It's really good. She didn't she can counter. Think about 14 but she's using after that show
Galaxy J3 Orbit: It starts getting about confusing. It's like 13 or 14
Jocelyn Corrales: That's my sob. She's still very little, maybe want to send this it's it's it's good for her. It's okay.
Galaxy J3 Orbit: I'm starting to try to show her how like what they look like, and how to write them. You know what I mean, because she knows how to count but she just does what she's starting to learn what they look like.
Jocelyn Corrales: Maybe she can learns, you know, she says she's still four years old. It's very difficult for her to start writing letters so
Jocelyn Corrales: Maybe we should start with shapes in the lines. It's more appropriate for each you know if it develops her fine motor skills by writing or just following the lines or maybe you could put some dots so that she could follow our trace along those lines that you made.
Galaxy J3 Orbit: The briefing. Yeah, okay.
Galaxy J3 Orbit: Got us to be off the table.
Jocelyn Corrales: And it's good that she's also helping with you, preparing
Galaxy J3 Orbit: Yeah, she loves to do that too.
Jocelyn Corrales: Mm hmm.
Jocelyn Corrales: You can actually do when you're doing chores.
Jocelyn Corrales: You know, you let her do some chores.
Galaxy J3 Orbit: She'll be like sleeping with she has her little mini broom. She's got a small one, so she'll help me sleep and stuff sometimes
Galaxy J3 Orbit: That's good.
Galaxy J3 Orbit: Hey, baby.
Jocelyn Corrales: Exercise and you mentioned sleeping, but to build. What's the reason why you sleep at their own leader.
Jocelyn Corrales: At a later.
Galaxy J3 Orbit: Time I haven't really time getting my daughter to go to sleep early
Galaxy J3 Orbit: So I feel like I'm just because sometimes I would love to go to bed early
Galaxy J3 Orbit: I just want to quit sometimes
Galaxy J3 Orbit: Eight or even even earlier.
Galaxy J3 Orbit: I'm on the phone, maybe, hang on.
Jocelyn Corrales: Let me take a nap in the afternoon or a long nap in the afternoon.
Galaxy J3 Orbit: No I don't take naps must my daughter takes a nap. I don't take naps.
Jocelyn Corrales: And are you having although your daughter is the one or two is the reason why you're not able to sleep well. But when you try to go to sleep. Are you able to sleep. All right. Are you not having any problems sleeping.
Galaxy J3 Orbit: No, I don't think I have problem staying asleep. I'm pretty good about that. Some nights. I'm like, tossing and turning, but it doesn't happen very often anymore. I think I'm
Galaxy J3 Orbit: Pretty well.
Jocelyn Corrales: Well, that's good. That's good to hear.
Jocelyn Corrales: It's something better. And something good that you end up having troubles.
Jocelyn Corrales: Yeah, going to sleep.
Galaxy J3 Orbit: It's rough yeah I fall right to sleep. I don't usually have a problem with that.
Galaxy J3 Orbit: I'm always like, super tired at the end of the day.
Jocelyn Corrales: Yeah, because of the many activities that you do and that's good. And do you do gardening.
And actually,
Galaxy J3 Orbit: I definitely do. I didn't even though I was planting these Morning Glories in the front yard and I was doing my work on. I started this like vegetable garden, I guess, in the back.
Galaxy J3 Orbit: You know we did carrots, radishes and kale. We have cucumbers out there, onions, everything and the rabbits. I don't know if it's like squirrels or rabbits or something running around and it's in the front yard and the backyard, but they ate everything they
Jocelyn Corrales: Like so he
Galaxy J3 Orbit: Pulled everything out of the ground, one by one.
Galaxy J3 Orbit: So I tried
Galaxy J3 Orbit: Three different I give up on the vegetable garden but I tried like three different times to plant the flowers in the front yard and they
Jocelyn Corrales: Eat they
Jocelyn Corrales: Eat the flowers. Yeah.
Jocelyn Corrales: So,
Jocelyn Corrales: Those, those
Jocelyn Corrales: Big rabbits or have you seen them.
Galaxy J3 Orbit: They're kind of small, actually the rabbits are kind of small. So, but I've seen a few like squirrels and chipmunks running around. So I think it might be some of them to just like
Galaxy J3 Orbit: You can see these little holes like they're just pulling the whole route, though the ground. It's really funny but that's
Galaxy J3 Orbit: Kind of fun. I
Jocelyn Corrales: haven't tried planting, you know, have you tried planting inside apart. Instead of letting it underground do
Galaxy J3 Orbit: I think just recently.
Galaxy J3 Orbit: One of us. Hey yo honey in this House actually put some seeds from the flowers and one of the parts in the backyard. Oh, yeah.
Galaxy J3 Orbit: And so we're watering that to see
I don't think they'll get to this.
Jocelyn Corrales: Yeah.
Jocelyn Corrales: Because maybe what we can do, since you're
Jocelyn Corrales: Having some troubles, we, you know, there are actually some kind of pests, you know, rabbits in the skills to your vegetable so athlete.
Jocelyn Corrales: You could actually place or put them in a pop your plants instead of planting on directly on the ground land.
Jocelyn Corrales: On a pop and those spots you could actually put it, put them, you know, have a bench particular for the plants are plots and you put those spots on those elevated area so that they won't be able to claim up on that area.
Jocelyn Corrales: Mm hmm. Maybe you could put some, you know, some elevation on that area.
Galaxy J3 Orbit: Yeah yeah
Jocelyn Corrales: It's crazy, because you're already excited to see those plants and then the next thing you see they're all gone.
Galaxy J3 Orbit: so disappointed in three
Galaxy J3 Orbit: Different times. But then, finally, I was like, No, I'm just not gonna
Galaxy J3 Orbit: You already know, but
Jocelyn Corrales: Let's try if it works out because I think you mentioned someone in your house already tried planting on the
Jocelyn Corrales: Park.
Jocelyn Corrales: If it's worth it works out on a part. Maybe you could do Park planting and maybe because, you know, sometimes even if it's on a part. Sometimes they're able to climb up on it. So maybe put it on an elevated portion probably small bench where you could place the box on top.
Galaxy J3 Orbit: Good idea. Yeah.
Jocelyn Corrales: The care plan up pops gardening.
Galaxy J3 Orbit: You gotta cut it one by one at a time to be. You got to do one at a time, skinny.
Galaxy J3 Orbit: She's doing her arts and crafts right now, actually she
Galaxy J3 Orbit: Just
Galaxy J3 Orbit: Was really hard here on the other side.
Galaxy J3 Orbit: There you go, see, oh, did it.
Jocelyn Corrales: So let's proceed, we
Jocelyn Corrales: Hear mental health with you guys to your mental health.
Jocelyn Corrales: Specially regards to how you
regulate your mood.
Jocelyn Corrales: Your
Jocelyn Corrales: Your moods, or when you're feeling cranky. How do you manage it, or when you are stressed. How do you deal with it.
Galaxy J3 Orbit: Um,
Galaxy J3 Orbit: See this. Hold on, maybe
Galaxy J3 Orbit: Sometimes it's another one of those. I just deal with it or it's recreational THC. I use recreational
Galaxy J3 Orbit: Marijuana so that's
Galaxy J3 Orbit: Kind of how it
Without
Galaxy J3 Orbit: Me coming here you can see I'm trying to do.
Galaxy J3 Orbit: Sorry.
Jocelyn Corrales: That's fine.
Jocelyn Corrales: Too.
Jocelyn Corrales: To deal with your moods and exciting to take
Jocelyn Corrales: Recreational teaching
Galaxy J3 Orbit: Granny bought a few mother in the store. I'm sorry doesn't hold on just
Galaxy J3 Orbit: Okay.
Jocelyn Corrales: It's okay. No worries.
Galaxy J3 Orbit: Okay, I'm sorry about that. He asked me that question one more time.
Jocelyn Corrales: Okay. So with regards to your moods and anxieties you deal with it by taking recreational teach see
Jocelyn Corrales: When you're angry. What do you usually do, you can just retry to, you know, separate yourself from the crowd or you sometimes you get
Galaxy J3 Orbit: Yeah, I'm one of those people who will like leave. So if I get really mad about something actually just yesterday.
Galaxy J3 Orbit: I get so mad and
Galaxy J3 Orbit: It's so hard. This is one of the things that worked on in counseling is learning when to not say something I'm one of those
Galaxy J3 Orbit: People that like if I know that there's something wrong and I have to like pointed out, I have to say something about it, instead of just like sometimes I might want to just keep my mouth shut. I don't do that. I
Galaxy J3 Orbit: Say something so
Galaxy J3 Orbit: I when I'm angry, I will sometimes just like
Galaxy J3 Orbit: I will lose it. And I'll start saying things that I shouldn't say, but I don't like call me, call me like that, but usually I'll leave like I will leave as soon as like if there's like an argument that happens as soon as the noise. I'm like, Okay, I'm out of here. Maybe I can see here
Galaxy J3 Orbit: How we deal with it. I'm like,
Galaxy J3 Orbit: I'm sleeping.
Jocelyn Corrales: Okay. I think it's better, you know, trying to you instead of you know, seeing those things, those hurtful things sometimes when you when you try to argue with someone else, especially if it's a family member.
Jocelyn Corrales: Sometimes he could leave someone you know
Jocelyn Corrales: Something, although it's just words, but sometimes those words could be very hurtful sometimes he would also affect the because, you know, later on, you would realize you'd said something that's very hurtful for that person.
Jocelyn Corrales: So I think you can see. Yes.
Jocelyn Corrales: Once it's out of your mouth. You can take it back. It's
Jocelyn Corrales: Even if you say sorry you know it's
Jocelyn Corrales: It's already done the damage has been done.
Jocelyn Corrales: And I think that's good that you're you try just try to leave and just, just try to keep quiet. Keep calm, close your eyes and
Jocelyn Corrales: Yeah.
Jocelyn Corrales: When you're angry. Close your eyes.
Jocelyn Corrales: And we've
Got like
Jocelyn Corrales: Okay. Breathe in, breathe out. Do that for maybe 1530 minutes then once you're relaxed, then you try to talk because it's very difficult to know when you are you, you know, sometimes there's no point in talking or arguing when both
Jocelyn Corrales: Both parties are
Galaxy J3 Orbit: Angry or
Jocelyn Corrales: Yes, when both angles are angry and, you know,
Jocelyn Corrales: And you try to settle things with those type of mood me, you know, nothing will get settled. So even even gets worse. It's better
Jocelyn Corrales: It's better to be quiet and, you know, think about
Jocelyn Corrales: You know, so many things strike to think about it first. Then after relax and, you know,
Galaxy J3 Orbit: Doing better with that.
Galaxy J3 Orbit: Counseling helps me a lot.
Galaxy J3 Orbit: That's you.
Okay.
Jocelyn Corrales: You mentioned that sometimes you get angry, but you're trying to deal with it.
Yes.
Galaxy J3 Orbit: During like it with that I'm not
Galaxy J3 Orbit: I'm not so angry all the time. I'm learning skills with my counselor on how to manage that. So I'm doing a
Galaxy J3 Orbit: Lot better with it.
Jocelyn Corrales: And you're on the precipice on
Galaxy J3 Orbit: I'm sorry, say that again.
Jocelyn Corrales: And you're still on the precipice of, you know,
Jocelyn Corrales: Developing it
Galaxy J3 Orbit: Yes, yes, I'm doing good. I'm doing good. She's taught me the skills. I'm just in the process now of learning how to use them.
Jocelyn Corrales: Yeah. Yeah, it's like application, but you know it does. It doesn't happen overnight, but at least it's a process.
Galaxy J3 Orbit: Yes, absolutely.
Jocelyn Corrales: Okay. So with regards to your spiritual self. Do you consider yourself.
Jocelyn Corrales: Spiritual not
Galaxy J3 Orbit: I'm not very spiritual and I would like to be, but that's actually another thing that my counselor is working with me on is how much my spirituality has to do with my recovery. So we've talked about that a couple of times, I kind of right now.
Galaxy J3 Orbit: And Robert ritual right now.
Jocelyn Corrales: That's okay. We can do it slowly. Let's, let's
Jocelyn Corrales: Let's, you know, sometimes it can be very helpful for you. Sometimes
Jocelyn Corrales: quiet reflection or prayer would actually be you know sometimes good for you like doing some self reflection or going going out of the nature, you know,
Galaxy J3 Orbit: Going on. I love that.
Jocelyn Corrales: Yeah.
Galaxy J3 Orbit: Going on his back, kinda like
Galaxy J3 Orbit: Yeah. Is that kind of like spirituality, a little bit too because one of the things that we do is like on the weekends, we've already gone twice this year the summer.
Galaxy J3 Orbit: But we'll go up to the hemis mountains here. I'm in Albuquerque. So we go up to the mountains and in the Lake Forest area and
Galaxy J3 Orbit: We'll go camping.
Galaxy J3 Orbit: Will be out there. I love it out there. It's so peaceful and quiet and you know the nature and all of that. I love doing.
Jocelyn Corrales: You know,
Galaxy J3 Orbit: The nature walks and all of that stuff. So that's something we do sometimes, like on the weekends.
Jocelyn Corrales: nature walks on we get usually when you try to connect with your spiritual self. It's like more of a meditation, especially when you are with nature.
Jocelyn Corrales: You try to be alone. You know, you try to relax, feel the vibe of nature, you know, something like that. That's also spiritual connection.
Galaxy J3 Orbit: Yeah, that's how I do that absolutely do that.
Galaxy J3 Orbit: I guess I do have a little bit
Jocelyn Corrales: Maybe you could do. You could also do some yoga this way. I also suggested yoga because sometimes doing yoga is some Moses.
Jocelyn Corrales: Is also some kind of meditation and a are you also religious like are you in any religious SEC or something like that.
Galaxy J3 Orbit: I'm not extremely religious like I don't go to church and stuff on Sundays. I was like to start my daughter. It's kind of one of the things I do is to daughter to church.
Galaxy J3 Orbit: I haven't started yet. It's not something that I have
Galaxy J3 Orbit: To do, but
Galaxy J3 Orbit: Um,
Galaxy J3 Orbit: Yeah, my family is Catholic
Galaxy J3 Orbit: I just, I wasn't baptized
Jocelyn Corrales: Okay, so maybe you could try
Jocelyn Corrales: For a while, okay, maybe you could try because you mentioned, you're not going to church every Sunday, maybe you could try
Jocelyn Corrales: Attending online services.
Jocelyn Corrales: And you're you're attending one right now.
Galaxy J3 Orbit: No, I'm not. But I'm thinking about doing it right now like virtually just because of what's going on right now.
Jocelyn Corrales: Yes, that's true.
Jocelyn Corrales: Because you mentioned that you would like to connect with your spirituality also saw that. That's also one thing. Also, can I see your spirituality being, you know, religious, you know, you pray
Jocelyn Corrales: you meditate and because you're not able to go to church because you mentioned you what to bring your daughter to church sometime
Jocelyn Corrales: You should also be prepared yourself, actually. So at least try to, you know, attend church services.
Jocelyn Corrales: First
Jocelyn Corrales: Especially right now because of the coven or some dynamic, you're not able to go out through that allowed to go to
Galaxy J3 Orbit: Church for the meantime, but maybe later on when everybody or everyone's allowed to go out
Jocelyn Corrales: Maybe when you're ready, maybe you could take your daughter to church.
One of my
Galaxy J3 Orbit: Job.
Jocelyn Corrales: So we'd be girls to your social relationship. How is your relationship with
Jocelyn Corrales: Your family.
Jocelyn Corrales: Or your boyfriend. First you leave with your boyfriend and girlfriend.
Galaxy J3 Orbit: I'm
Galaxy J3 Orbit: Just oh I see my know if you make some other so cute. And I'm just to say
Galaxy J3 Orbit: Yes, I actually live with my boyfriend and his parents right now.
Galaxy J3 Orbit: Through the collective team.
Galaxy J3 Orbit: So, um,
Galaxy J3 Orbit: I mean with my relationship with my family's pretty good.
Galaxy J3 Orbit: Every now and then I'll hang out with my mom or something like that, but it's it's fairly good
Jocelyn Corrales: And your relationship with everyone in that house is very good also
Galaxy J3 Orbit: Um, it's, it's, it's good. Usually, I think that actually right now. That's an interesting question because it's a little rocky right now I'm
Jocelyn Corrales: Okay.
Galaxy J3 Orbit: With them, but things are usually, usually good
Galaxy J3 Orbit: We're going through a time right now.
I guess.
Jocelyn Corrales: Is your boyfriend currently working or not because of the call, but
Jocelyn Corrales: Yes, he still goes to work.
Galaxy J3 Orbit: Yes, he works for solar installation. So it was all yeah
Galaxy J3 Orbit: Ones that stayed open
Jocelyn Corrales: Okay, so you have to send him to work and get him back forward.
Jocelyn Corrales: Yes. Okay. And are you planning on transferring probably after to send me
Galaxy J3 Orbit: Yes, I am going to be looking for a job. Actually, I'm already starting to do that now.
Jocelyn Corrales: Because they're starting to get
Galaxy J3 Orbit: Up.
Galaxy J3 Orbit: Yeah, so
Galaxy J3 Orbit: I'm pretty soon we'll be getting back into our own house and everything like that.
Jocelyn Corrales: That's good to hear.
Yes.
Jocelyn Corrales: At least it's less complication or less complicated relationship, you know, at least you get to you get to maintain a good relationship that you have with your, you know, boyfriend spirits, probably because if you mentioned that it's kind of rocky right now.
Jocelyn Corrales: You know, you might destroy those good relationship that you have. So it's better to
Galaxy J3 Orbit: You know, absolutely. It will help for sure.
Jocelyn Corrales: Maybe just because
Jocelyn Corrales: Maybe it's rocky right now because probably the pandemic is one of the contributory thanks you know every
Galaxy J3 Orbit: You know,
Jocelyn Corrales: Everyone. Yeah, everyone is stressed because not everyone is about allowed to get out and, you know, seeing a home is very boring, maybe they're not used to eat, you're not used to eat in everybody's not used to it. And it's like, you know,
Jocelyn Corrales: It's really challenging actually
Galaxy J3 Orbit: A mother. Yes.
Jocelyn Corrales: Oh, it's really challenging
Jocelyn Corrales: It's not only you. There are also some patients experiencing experiencing that one, you know, especially if they
Jocelyn Corrales: They're used to going to work and that right now. They see each other the whole day every day, you know, something, something like that in you know there are things that you discover from each other and you know it's it's really challenging. That's all, that's all I could see
Jocelyn Corrales: You know,
Jocelyn Corrales: It's hard, but you know
Jocelyn Corrales: Let's try to work it out. It's
Jocelyn Corrales: Just temporary once
Galaxy J3 Orbit: We get through it.
Galaxy J3 Orbit: You can get through it.
Jocelyn Corrales: I know you could do.
Jocelyn Corrales: It's really challenging. It's not only you. I think everybody's experiencing it. So it's not really some normal thing. It's
Jocelyn Corrales: The slightly say the new normal is, you know,
This
Jocelyn Corrales: Okay.
Galaxy J3 Orbit: She got some good one. I
Galaxy J3 Orbit: Like to get all stinky.
Jocelyn Corrales: So you are currently not working, but you you are actually planning on working
Galaxy J3 Orbit: Yes.
Jocelyn Corrales: But previous before the pandemic. Where are you still working.
Galaxy J3 Orbit: Um, right before the pandemic, I wasn't. What about a, I don't know, a couple months before the pandemic, I was working. Yes.
Jocelyn Corrales: And right now, are you currently earning even if you didn't have work. Yes.
Galaxy J3 Orbit: Yes, I do. Have I applied for benefits as
Galaxy J3 Orbit: A non working mom so I did get some help with food.
Jocelyn Corrales: I mean, it's called
Galaxy J3 Orbit: Like SNAP or food stamps or something like
Yes.
Galaxy J3 Orbit: And then I also get a small amount for cash assistance every month. So it's, it's very little, but it still helps me a lot.
Jocelyn Corrales: Just me.
Jocelyn Corrales: And do you manage your own finances or
Jocelyn Corrales: Your boyfriend manages
Galaxy J3 Orbit: Okay, yeah, it's me. I
Galaxy J3 Orbit: I do all the finances.
Jocelyn Corrales: And also for your boyfriend.
Yes.
Galaxy J3 Orbit: For the most part, yes.
Jocelyn Corrales: And you get you do you pay the bills.
Galaxy J3 Orbit: Yes. I mean, he works, and he makes work way more money than what I get every month. So I'm the one that like calls and paid the bills and with whatever we got in our
Galaxy J3 Orbit: Join. So we add in here. Yeah, but he definitely helps pay, of course, it's just, I'm the one that usually does it like you know the calling and all that.
Jocelyn Corrales: Okay, that's great.
Okay, I
Jocelyn Corrales: Would like
Jocelyn Corrales: To go back to to go to church.
Galaxy J3 Orbit: When, when do I wanted to go back to go to church.
Jocelyn Corrales: Now this actually typing out
Oh,
Jocelyn Corrales: Because when I'm talking. I could not type
Jocelyn Corrales: When I'm trying to explain something so I'm actually doing at the same time when we when you're talking actually also typing in also, you know, adding up some plans.
Jocelyn Corrales: Morning exercise.
Jocelyn Corrales: For your daily routine or activities of daily living.
Jocelyn Corrales: Winning exercise.
Jocelyn Corrales: Or walk. I mean,
Yes.
Jocelyn Corrales: Maybe walk about five to 15 minutes and you know you could do your exercise at home and you could also include your daughter, sometimes, you know,
Jocelyn Corrales: When my daughters, although my daughter's already old enough really old. She's still around 10 years old. Sometimes when she sees me exercises. She follows
Galaxy J3 Orbit: Yeah.
Galaxy J3 Orbit: My daughter will do something every now and then other words
Galaxy J3 Orbit: Just be playing and then I can do whatever
Galaxy J3 Orbit: Yeah.
Jocelyn Corrales: Maybe she's swimming, you went in.
Jocelyn Corrales: When she's doing her activities, you could do your exercise at home.
Jocelyn Corrales: You could maybe you could just buy if you have a yoga mat to use yoga mats. If you have a map or any map or a carpet, you could maybe use that. That's fine. You know, just search for some basic poses or stretching exercise that you see.
Jocelyn Corrales: And you know what they like about doing that is that, you know, it's actually relaxing afterwards or when you're doing it, he hears off your mind. It's like exercising at the same time meditating.
Jocelyn Corrales: And we'd be good to meals.
Jocelyn Corrales: Although you don't eat breakfast, try to eat meals on time and make sure that you are not hungry and try to avoid snacking. So maybe just try to eat light meals in I think you mentioned you're not eating junk food look much or pizza much it and that's okay. It's
Jocelyn Corrales: Very strict with diet, but you know sometimes we have some cravings.
Galaxy J3 Orbit: Yeah, of course. Of course.
Jocelyn Corrales: Okay.
Jocelyn Corrales: And do you often know do you watch TV often
Galaxy J3 Orbit: I'm only like at night on sometimes in the morning like
Galaxy J3 Orbit: My daughter watches cartoons in the morning, and I'll watch them with her.
Jocelyn Corrales: Or
Galaxy J3 Orbit: At night, my boyfriend and I will watch a movie or something after she falls asleep. So it's usually only at night, reading, watching TV.
Jocelyn Corrales: What is it on a long duration or just probably Aaron and our or two.
Galaxy J3 Orbit: Like an hour to. Yeah.
Jocelyn Corrales: And it's fine.
Jocelyn Corrales: It's fine, as long as you're not doing binge watching
Oh, no.
Jocelyn Corrales: It's going to, it's actually going to make you lazy. Once you get hooked or addicted to binge watching you know seasons instead of watching it.
Jocelyn Corrales: per season. Every day you will be watching the whole season, the whole day. So it's you know it's not really that
Galaxy J3 Orbit: Good.
Galaxy J3 Orbit: So he knows
Galaxy J3 Orbit: See downs.
Get
Galaxy J3 Orbit: For gene.
Jocelyn Corrales: I think I have no problem with the time you wake up you wake up early.
Jocelyn Corrales: And you sleep at night at around
Jocelyn Corrales: 11 like at least you're not sleeping very late. It's okie 11 o'clock is fine.
Jocelyn Corrales: Maybe how do we get your daughter to sleep early
Jocelyn Corrales: And
Galaxy J3 Orbit: One of the things we're working on right now.
Galaxy J3 Orbit: Just the things that usually work because sometimes we don't always get to I get out of the house. Like sometimes I get busy and I'm like doing chores. So she's stuck like in the house with me all day while like dad's at work or something but
Galaxy J3 Orbit: When we take her out like on today probably since it's a weekend.
Galaxy J3 Orbit: My boyfriend who's we all Friday. So we're going to probably take her the park. When she like runs around LA and plays hard outside
Galaxy J3 Orbit: You know, we mean or something and then
Galaxy J3 Orbit: Try not to let her take a nap during the day. Oh.
Jocelyn Corrales: And
Galaxy J3 Orbit: usually pretty good and she'll go to bed early and we're all good.
Galaxy J3 Orbit: Right.
Galaxy J3 Orbit: I'm going to try to do that more
Galaxy J3 Orbit: As much as I can that really works that actually really, really, really.
Jocelyn Corrales: It's actually okay to let her take a nap in the afternoon, maybe other own
Not earlier.
Jocelyn Corrales: Early not not either late afternoon but early in the afternoon, probably around one o'clock after lunch time probably one or two o'clock, then you know after once two o'clock. Let her late all around the house until she gets tired.
Jocelyn Corrales: Maybe then around maybe seven o'clock or eight o'clock. She gets started, and you'll be able to sleep room.
Yeah.
Galaxy J3 Orbit: We're going to experiment with some different things.
Jocelyn Corrales: Here. Yeah.
Jocelyn Corrales: Actually
Jocelyn Corrales: Not let her sleep at the round, you know, five o'clock or four o'clock because she won't get to sleep really
Galaxy J3 Orbit: Oh yeah, then she'll be late.
Jocelyn Corrales: Yeah. Yes. So,
Jocelyn Corrales: We try to
Jocelyn Corrales: Try to make sure because she does take her afternoon naps to just try to make sure that it takes her nap.
Jocelyn Corrales: At around one o'clock so that by two o'clock. She'll be up, you know,
Jocelyn Corrales: She'll be able to sleep early
Jocelyn Corrales: I haven't asked you about friends. Do you have friends.
Galaxy J3 Orbit: Um, I have some like
Galaxy J3 Orbit: I don't even know if I would call them friends.
Jocelyn Corrales: Oh, I lost your audio.
Jocelyn Corrales: Hello.
Galaxy J3 Orbit: Okay.
Jocelyn Corrales: Are you still there.
Galaxy J3 Orbit: I think it can. Yes, I'm so sorry. I guess my sister called and I tried to ignore it. But I accidentally. OK. Yeah.
Galaxy J3 Orbit: Exactly, exactly. Um, I don't have really any friends right now. I chose to
Galaxy J3 Orbit: Not speak with the people that I was hanging out with before that I didn't think that they were very good friends, and they were a heavy influence on me all the time. So,
Galaxy J3 Orbit: I decided not to talk with them anymore. And they were pretty much the last two friends that I really, really had I mean close friends.
Galaxy J3 Orbit: I have people that I like this. I have one friend will be she's somebody that I text every now and then that I met last about a year ago at my last
Galaxy J3 Orbit: United Healthcare. When I was an insurance producer there, but we don't really like hanging out with each other, anything anymore. We just kind of text. Every now and then about work or
Galaxy J3 Orbit: Something
Jocelyn Corrales: Are you talking social media.
Galaxy J3 Orbit: No, I don't have any social media.
Jocelyn Corrales: At these texts. Yes, that's fine. You know, talking in a phone or maybe texting. That's okay. You don't need you. When you have a friend or you want someone to talk to. You don't really need to, you know, see each other.
Jocelyn Corrales: Every day in their current situation.
Jocelyn Corrales: Texting or calling is actually fine. Did you get to call your family to you mentioned you see you soon have a good relationship with your family.
Galaxy J3 Orbit: Oh, yes. Absolutely I do. I call my mom and I talked to my sisters, all the time, my brothers. We always talk on the phone, whether it's texting. So yeah, I'm very close with my family.
Jocelyn Corrales: And you get to visit them sometimes
Galaxy J3 Orbit: Sometimes, but everyone was kind of far away. For me, my
Galaxy J3 Orbit: My mom and my sister.
Galaxy J3 Orbit: Live about three hours away.
Galaxy J3 Orbit: My other sister.
Galaxy J3 Orbit: In Arizona, so they live like so. She's my sister and my oldest sister lives like
Galaxy J3 Orbit: I think like eight or nine hours away.
Galaxy J3 Orbit: Why even belong to that. I'm not sure.
Galaxy J3 Orbit: But my brothers. They live across the whole like they live in Ohio.
Galaxy J3 Orbit: And I'm in New Mexico way.
Galaxy J3 Orbit: Would take me two days to go visit them.
Jocelyn Corrales: At least
Jocelyn Corrales: At least communicate with them.
Jocelyn Corrales: That's mine. You know, communication, you know, maybe talking or texting you know talking on the phone or face time we got
Jocelyn Corrales: One, because you can do equal
Galaxy J3 Orbit: Access all the
Galaxy J3 Orbit: I love this quote to feel to eat.
Jocelyn Corrales: When if you watching
Galaxy J3 Orbit: She likes Masha and the bear. It's
Galaxy J3 Orbit: So cute. Cute cartoon.
Galaxy J3 Orbit: I love the cartoon why
Galaxy J3 Orbit: Let me almost done. Okay.
Jocelyn Corrales: Yes, we're almost done. No worries. So I'm going to share my screen so that he could see
Jocelyn Corrales: For a while I can share the screen so that you'll be able to see it, including the plan.
Jocelyn Corrales: Okay, so I have placed here, the things that works out for you. Your deal with things that you do every day.
Jocelyn Corrales: What do you do to regulate your mood and you mentioned that you're on a process of doing it, but it's, it has been better.
Galaxy J3 Orbit: Yeah. Wow. Yes.
Galaxy J3 Orbit: Definitely everything I said
Jocelyn Corrales: Yeah, sometimes I have to stop because I have to type, you know, important thing so that next time we see each other. I usually review the previous
Jocelyn Corrales: Things that we have discussed in. I'm going to follow up on you and check on you. How you doing today, is it better than it was 30 days ago or 45 days ago.
Jocelyn Corrales: So, something like that. Maybe I could follow up you because you mentioned you you'd like to be spiritual. And you know, I could also follow up on that, if it's doing better or if you started with already
Jocelyn Corrales: Yeah. Maybe by then you could probably have transferred or probably could have already have a job.
Jocelyn Corrales: I think here, you're not working, will probably not exercising.
Jocelyn Corrales: No.
I'm
Galaxy J3 Orbit: Not really.
Galaxy J3 Orbit: I'm things that are not working well in my life that I would like to change. I definitely would like to say, aside from the exercising.
Galaxy J3 Orbit: I would like to start getting myself ready again because I even though I don't go anywhere. I mean, I don't do my makeup anymore. I don't do my hair, I don't get myself ready at all like I'm mean, I look like Raggedy Ann all day long. Every day, so
Galaxy J3 Orbit: I want to change that even though I'm not going anywhere, and a mom like, I don't want to just let myself go, I want to start building my confidence back and trying to get myself ready. Again, that's one thing that's not going well in my life that I want to change and the very, very last
Galaxy J3 Orbit: Thing is basically just my
Galaxy J3 Orbit: My relationship with my boyfriend's mother.
Galaxy J3 Orbit: It's not very well with his mom.
Galaxy J3 Orbit: And I would like to change that.
Jocelyn Corrales: Okay, let's best year
Jocelyn Corrales: What's a better relationship with your boyfriend's mom.
Galaxy J3 Orbit: Yes.
Galaxy J3 Orbit: I've tried for eight years now.
Jocelyn Corrales: You know, sometimes
Jocelyn Corrales: Especially when they're already evil or sometimes even a little star, don't you know sometimes hard to please
Galaxy J3 Orbit: Oh yeah I'm know I'm scared.
Galaxy J3 Orbit: I'm so scared for my daughter to grow up in.
Galaxy J3 Orbit: Me to be that way. I'm like, Oh man, I'm gonna try as hard as I can to just be nice.
Jocelyn Corrales: To probably her has been in the feature. Yeah.
Galaxy J3 Orbit: Yes, I know. And I'm sure I'm going to find something that I don't like about him or something. And I'm going to have to
Galaxy J3 Orbit: Be mom but
Jocelyn Corrales: Yeah, no. Well,
Jocelyn Corrales: someday maybe because they're very protective of their children or add a little me but you know
Jocelyn Corrales: This try to understand her
Jocelyn Corrales: And, you know, try to contribute, what you think you could contribute as much as you can, at home. I think you're doing well because you're doing some chores and you're helping out but she loves her granddaughter right
Galaxy J3 Orbit: Oh, of course.
Galaxy J3 Orbit: She loves her so much. She's very, very good. That's good.
Jocelyn Corrales: That's good.
Jocelyn Corrales: And you mentioned with
Jocelyn Corrales: With your mental health, the things you want change is although you're doing better. So I place here. Sometimes you get angry, but you're in the process of getting better at it.
Uh huh.
Jocelyn Corrales: And with regards to spiritual self you would like to get in touch more of your, you know, go to church.
Galaxy J3 Orbit: Yes.
Galaxy J3 Orbit: I mean, even if it's not going to church every Sunday, I would like to just to go to church, even sometimes
Galaxy J3 Orbit: Even just sometimes I
Jocelyn Corrales: Know, you know,
Galaxy J3 Orbit: I don't even do that. So I want to go somewhere. I want to start slow
Jocelyn Corrales: Yes, let's start with maybe the online. You know, sometimes you don't need to go to the church. You know, sometimes it's if it's especially if it's far away from your area.
Jocelyn Corrales: You could actually attend the online services and once you're ready to go back to church. You could sometimes, you know, once in a while, go to the church itself. And, you know,
Jocelyn Corrales: If you're, you know, if it's hard for you to go to church. This week, probably could just attend the online services today have something like that, right.
Jocelyn Corrales: And
Jocelyn Corrales: Um, you mentioned you won your confidence back. It's like self pampering
Galaxy J3 Orbit: Yeah. Yes, that's something I
Galaxy J3 Orbit: Want to
Galaxy J3 Orbit: Do
Jocelyn Corrales: And taking care of yourself.
Galaxy J3 Orbit: Exactly. Because I used to do it all the time. I, I looked at pictures of myself, the other day and I know everybody gets older, this was like a few years back, like
Jocelyn Corrales: Three or four
Galaxy J3 Orbit: But I know I'm getting older and things change when you get older and
Galaxy J3 Orbit: Things like that, but I still notice things like I used to really care about what my hair look like every day and like even colder.
Galaxy J3 Orbit: I was always like trying to change it make myself.
Galaxy J3 Orbit: Better or, you know,
Galaxy J3 Orbit: I had my nails done all the time. Like I just really
Galaxy J3 Orbit: Focus hard on my parents and I really noticed that I don't do that like
I don't
Jocelyn Corrales: Yes. Maybe when you go back to church church. I mean work you'll be more conscious about
Jocelyn Corrales: It. So at least hear some plans waking up around or 5AM I have no problems with that. I think you're doing good.
Jocelyn Corrales: With regards to meals advice. Eat healthy meals and avoid unhealthy SAS next week. And since you mentioned
Jocelyn Corrales: About you know self pampering you would like to take care of yourself. So it actually doesn't need to be physical, you know, it also has to be something to do something, also with the food that it takes so maybe eat a lot of fruits and vegetables.
Okay.
Jocelyn Corrales: So you glow. You know, it's, it's what they call the glow foods.
Galaxy J3 Orbit: Okay, interesting.
Jocelyn Corrales: And it doesn't make you fat.
Jocelyn Corrales: So if a lot of fruits and vegetables and, you know,
Jocelyn Corrales: It's not only building yourself physically, but you're trying to build your, you know, your
Jocelyn Corrales: mental, physical, so
Jocelyn Corrales: Yes and yes I think mentally. That's why you've mentioned about going to church. So you're, you know, preparing yourself spiritually.
Jocelyn Corrales: At the same time, you're developing your mental
Jocelyn Corrales: Skills in eat a lot of fruits and vegetables. You're also building up yourselves, you know, self with your buddy. You're also nourishing it. And also, you know, do you take a shower every day.
Galaxy J3 Orbit: Actually I don't every day.
Galaxy J3 Orbit: Sometimes it's like every other day.
That's fine.
Jocelyn Corrales: But you do your basic hygiene every day.
Galaxy J3 Orbit: Oh yes I'm I mean I'm not gonna lie. There's been times where I flew flew out the front door and forgot to brush my teeth. I'm sure we've all done that a couple of times.
Galaxy J3 Orbit: But yeah, I'm pretty basically yes the basic hygiene. Yes. I just don't get ready anymore. I don't, I don't do my makeup. I don't do my hair, I don't like get dressed or anything. Sometimes I'm just in my pajamas all day. You know, like it's things like that that I don't
Galaxy J3 Orbit: Know that I want to change.
Jocelyn Corrales: So pampering
Jocelyn Corrales: Okay, so I have please here in the plan so advice to eat healthy meals and avoid and healthy snacks or meals and eat a lot of fruits and vegetables then for activities of daily living. Morning exercise or morning walk around maybe five to 15 minutes in a day.
Jocelyn Corrales: Let's put your everyday in every, every day and self pampering so self serving includes you know your daily hygiene, you know, something like that. And, you know, the things that you mentioned about taking care of yourself.
Right.
Jocelyn Corrales: Daily basic, basic
Jocelyn Corrales: Taking care.
Jocelyn Corrales: Okay and rigorous routine activities because you wanted to be more active, you know, do morning walks every day and
Jocelyn Corrales: exercise at home, stretching and you'll be exercise, maybe in the mid afternoon or late afternoon. You could do that, maybe could also include your daughter. Maybe we could do it. Late in the afternoon.
Jocelyn Corrales: So that you know if your daughter joints, he would also, you know, tire herself a bit
Jocelyn Corrales: And continue with the arts and crafts that you do in incorporate I hope also please here incorporate education when doing crashing your daughters, you know, she would at the same time she loves doing craft and at the same time she learns. It's like killing two birds at the same time.
Jocelyn Corrales: And you mentioned you let your daughter do some chores at home with you. And you mentioned. Yes. She has her in the live room and I think that's good. It's a good practice and maybe when you're cooking. You could also let her help you in some in her own beliefs.
Galaxy J3 Orbit: Right. Of course.
Jocelyn Corrales: And you mentioned you love gardening. But the problem is that you have problems with, you know, some
Jocelyn Corrales: Rodents or like you're
Galaxy J3 Orbit: In yeah
Jocelyn Corrales: Rabbits and squirrels. So maybe you could do some Park, you could start trying to do some gardening in maybe you could try placing those spots on an elevated area.
Jocelyn Corrales: And I have also place here when you mentioned, I also suggested to you when feeling angry tried to stay away or be quiet for some time to relax.
Jocelyn Corrales: And attend
Jocelyn Corrales: Online church services. Did I miss something else.
Galaxy J3 Orbit: No, not at all, actually.
Jocelyn Corrales: Asking and go to bed at around 11pm but I but you mentioned you would like to go to sleep. An early at an earlier time probably around nine or 10 o'clock.
Galaxy J3 Orbit: Yeah, that's probably a decent time for me for all of us actually
Galaxy J3 Orbit: You
Galaxy J3 Orbit: Probably bagel. I made you.
Galaxy J3 Orbit: You got big
Jocelyn Corrales: Maybe you could do five o'clock. Next time, probably, you'll be working or maybe you could do some other time that I'll just split here is it's actually just temporary when we do the evil wait time
Jocelyn Corrales: Support people will be bright hotel staff that includes your therapies me and your doctors in
Jocelyn Corrales: Your family.
Jocelyn Corrales: And you don't have, let's just work here and family.
Jocelyn Corrales: Okay. So are we good with here the plans.
Jocelyn Corrales: I'm going to edit this one I'm going to send you a copy of this after have edited everything and I'll be revisiting you or see you again in the next 30 or probably 45 days, we will see
Jocelyn Corrales: When I have time
Jocelyn Corrales: And I'll be called a year or texting you just in case. Okay. It was great.
Jocelyn Corrales: Talking to you, Mario. I hope you have a good
Jocelyn Corrales: One. Yes. I hope you have a great time and be safe. Okay.
Jocelyn Corrales: You too. Thank you. So
Galaxy J3 Orbit: Much. Oh, wait.
Jocelyn Corrales: Let me check if you're able to do scientists first, then let's. If not, no worries, will dismiss that we check for us if I'll be able to let you sign
Jocelyn Corrales: Sometimes it works out for some, but sometimes it is not so let's see. Okay, let me share this one first.
Jocelyn Corrales: And let's see.
Jocelyn Corrales: Okay. Can you try to control the pen. Can you see the pen.
Galaxy J3 Orbit: Yes, I can stop here to control screen.
Galaxy J3 Orbit: Okay.
Jocelyn Corrales: And tried to sign press if you tried to press it dislike using a bullpen tried to press it down insane.
Galaxy J3 Orbit: It's moving like it turned into a little mouse, please.
Galaxy J3 Orbit: Turn into like the little mouse but I it's not showing me any signature.
Jocelyn Corrales: Okay, that's fine. It's okay. It's okay. It's not really required if it's not working out for you. It's okay.
Jocelyn Corrales: Me.
Galaxy J3 Orbit: Oh, right. Oh yeah, I know that's you moving. Yeah, no, I can't sign it.
Jocelyn Corrales: It's okay. It's okay. It's okay. It's fine.
Jocelyn Corrales: Okay, that's great. Talking to your area.
I hope
Jocelyn Corrales: I hope, I hope the next time I see you, it would be better and everything would be better.
Jocelyn Corrales: To
Jocelyn Corrales: Have a great day. Okay. And we say, Good day.
Jocelyn Corrales: You too. Bye.